Fix syncing in counter block (#590)
FabricMC/fabric-docs: develop/blocks/block-entities.md

Now, when a player logs in or moves into a chunk where the block exists, they will see the correct counter value right away.

## Syncing Data {#syncing-data}

> While new players loading in the block will see the correct count, other players watching the interaction will not see the count update; causing a desync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While new players loading in the block will see the correct count, for other players who are watching the interaction the count won't update. This phenomenon is called a desync, and it occurs when the server has updated its state, but the clients haven't.
```

Maybe instead of this explanation we should link to Networking

To solve this, we can use block entity update packets.

> Override the `getUpdatePacket` method, and return a packet containing the block's data from our `getUpdateTag`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To solve this, we can use a block entity update packet. Override the `getUpdatePacket` method and return a packet, which will contain the data from `getUpdateTag`:
```
